alright so one of the good things about
YouTube is I can kind of make videos as
I progress through the game I just hit
level 44 I got in a nice play session
yesterday I played for like three or
four hours I was playing with my buddy
sk as you can see he's also in this game
and to be honest were both kind of in
the same boat he's a little more
advanced than I am he knows a little bit
more about the game in general does a
little bit better than I do but I'm
catching on quick ooh that UAV is nasty
the UAV with a threat detection is like
wallhack you can see right through any
object as long as they don't have on low
profile but I'm having a lot more
success using submachine guns this is
the ASM one submachine gun in my
personal opinion it's one of the best if
not the best submachine gun or gun in
the game I like it a lot I like it
suppressed i also like it unsuppressed
this match i think i was using quick
draw i'm using suppressor and I can't
really say what the third one is
suppressor was the main 04 grip for grip
suppressor and quick draw and I was
having really good success with this as
you can see right here get a nice three
piece thank you get off my flag ended up
with seven captures this game as well I
I find that with the submachine gun
since they do have a faster movement
speed I'm actually able to stay alive a
little bit longer because now I can
start dealing with a lot of the guys
that are flying around the map what they
were doing is since the boost increases
the movement so much they were getting
to a lot of the spots and that's pretty
much all Call of Duty is is you get to
an advantage spot and you take advantage
of that advantage spot so you know with
the submachine gun I'm able to beat them
to a lot of positions that normally they
would have the advantage in but now I'm
able to Surprise them because I'm in
places that they wouldn't really expect
and I pick up this light machine gun
admit I
this is the first time I've ever shot
one of them look at this IV the recoil
is everywhere I actually get killed here
just like because I switch off of it to
get the kill and then I just forget to I
thought he was gonna drop a gun but then
I saw a guy jumped over the wall pimp
smack OH go for the second pimp smack no
oh dude story of my Call of Duty life
they'll have to fail get you guys but
yeah this is how I'm just you know
having fun to run around the map like a
little crackhead at the moment with the
submachine guns and this is helping me
learn the game a lot faster than I
normally would pretty soon what I'm
gonna do is I'm gonna start using the
assault rifles because I just got stock
on the ak-12 but then also I got it on
the bow so I want to get in some matches
with those haven't really had I haven't
had a really good time but I saw trifles
without stock so I didn't really use
them too much but now i think i'm going
to actually start using them i did have
a lot of success last night we using the
ak-12 of stock and that'll probably be
i'm gonna go ahead and take a wild guess
and i'm going to say that apology the
first DNA bomb that I ever get is the
day gave all the stock i also just
unlock scavenger and that's been a big
help in staying alive I did I'm gonna
stop using the the system hack in the
UAV probably i'm not writing to start
rocking some of the assault killstreaks
um they're just so devastating in this
game I'm gonna save that for a whole
nother video when I explain what I'm
talking about but most you guys do know
what I'm talking about assault kill
streaks are so easy to get and they're
so annoying it you're absolutely forced
to run blind eye you have to run blind
eye in this game I mean well that's I
mean if you're not playing with friends
you know if you're playing solo you have
to run it but if you're playing with
friends you probably don't because
you're gonna be beating down the enemy
to where they don't really get your
script anyways
and look at this I mean with the
submachine guns there's just so much
easier to use the assault rifles for
someone that's not really advanced at
the game so if you guys aren't like the
greatest players ever you don't really
play enough to learn the maps just stick
with submachine guns man don't go with
the ARS ARS are going to slow you down
you're not going to really know where
anybody's coming from at least with the
submachine gun you can kind of rely on
gun skills and in the art of surprising
people it's showing up in weird ass with
showing up in weird places that you
probably shouldn't be in and getting
those easy kills so anyways that's just
a quick update for you guys on what's
been going on I'm probably gonna get
another video out tomorrow talk about a
couple things from Twitter so thanks for
all the comments that you guys sent me
on Twitter you guys sent me some good
questions I'll catch you guys tomorrow
peace